Runtime actions refactoring (#17)
Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc: README.md

  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)
  - [Inputs](#inputs)

>     - [Container Actions Inputs](#container-actions-inputs)

Reviewer: Are you generating the ToC automatically?

Author: Yes, I am.

* `jenkinsfile` - The relative path to Jenkinsfile. The default file name is Jenkinsfile.
* `jcasc` - The relative path to Jenkins Configuration as Code YAML file.

## How you can access these actions in your project?
Reference these actions in your workflow definition.
1. Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc/jenkins-plugin-installation-action@master
2. Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc/jenkinsfile-runner-action@master
3. Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc/jenkins-setup@master
4. Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc/jfr-container-action@master
5. Cr1t-GYM/jenkins-action-poc/jfr-static-image-action@master

## Actions Comparisons
We only compare `jfr-container-action`, `jfr-static-image-action` and `jenkinsfile-runner-action` here. `jenkins-setup` and `jenkins-plugin-installation-action` are only used to set up the environment.

| Comparables | jfr-container-action | jfr-static-image-action | jenkinsfile-runner-action |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Do they run in the Jenkins container or run in the host machine? | It runs in the Jenkins container | It runs in the Jenkins container | It runs in the host machine directly |

> | When will the Jenkins container start in users workflow? | It will start before all the actions start | It will start when jfr-static-image-action starts | NA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| When will the Jenkins container start in users workflow? | It will start before all the actions start | It will start when jfr-static-image-action starts | N/A |
```

> | When will the Jenkins container end in users workflow? | It will end after all the actions end | It will end immediately after jfr-static-image-action ends | NA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| When will the Jenkins container end in users workflow? | It will end after all the actions end | It will end immediately after jfr-static-image-action ends | N?A |
```

Reviewer 2: I think this should be `N/A`?

Reviewer: Updated. Thanks @krisstern.

          jcasc: jcasc.yml
          baseImage: 'node:18.3.0'  
```
### Override the download center

> This feature is only available in `jenkins-setup`. You can override the default download urls by specifying `JENKINS_PM_URL`, `JENKINS_CORE_URL` or `JENKINS_JFR_URL` as the environment variables when calling `jenkins-setup`. `JENKINS_PM_URL` is used to set up the download center for plugin-installation-manager-tool. `JENKINS_CORE_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkins war package. `JENKINS_JFR_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkinsfile-runner.

Reviewer 2: Agree, otherwise the presentation would not be so readable.

> This feature is only available in `jenkins-setup`. You can override the default download urls by specifying `JENKINS_PM_URL`, `JENKINS_CORE_URL` or `JENKINS_JFR_URL` as the environment variables when calling `jenkins-setup`. `JENKINS_PM_URL` is used to set up the download center for plugin-installation-manager-tool. `JENKINS_CORE_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkins war package. `JENKINS_JFR_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkinsfile-runner.

Author: I moved these items to inputs part.

> This feature is only available in `jenkins-setup`. You can override the default download urls by specifying `JENKINS_PM_URL`, `JENKINS_CORE_URL` or `JENKINS_JFR_URL` as the environment variables when calling `jenkins-setup`. `JENKINS_PM_URL` is used to set up the download center for plugin-installation-manager-tool. `JENKINS_CORE_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkins war package. `JENKINS_JFR_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkinsfile-runner.

Reviewer: I don't see a table. I would also suggest adding expected types to action inputs. For example, the type for `JENKINS_PM_URL` would be `string`.

> This feature is only available in `jenkins-setup`. You can override the default download urls by specifying `JENKINS_PM_URL`, `JENKINS_CORE_URL` or `JENKINS_JFR_URL` as the environment variables when calling `jenkins-setup`. `JENKINS_PM_URL` is used to set up the download center for plugin-installation-manager-tool. `JENKINS_CORE_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkins war package. `JENKINS_JFR_URL` is used to set up the download center for Jenkinsfile-runner.

Author: OK. I'll transfer all the inputs description into the tables.
